#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
accelerate==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
altair==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bertopic==0.16.4
    # via -r requirements.in
bits==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bitsandbytes==0.42.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
einops==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
emojis==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
hdbscan==0.8.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotnine
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
mizani==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotnine
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
narwhals==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
notebook==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   bertopic
    #   contourpy
    #   hdbscan
    #   matplotlib
    #   mizani
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotnine
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   statsmodels
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   mizani
    #   plotnine
    #   statsmodels
    #   vega-datasets
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
patsy==0.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
plotnine==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autoflake
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   umap-learn
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   hdbscan
    #   mizani
    #   plotnine
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   statsmodels
    #   umap-learn
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
sentence-transformers==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   langdetect
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotnine
stop-words==2018.7.23
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.46.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241003
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
umap-learn==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
vega-datasets==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools